Prepare release 0.24.0 (#294)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

Unreleased
==========

0.24.0 - 2020/09/08
===================

- Added ``croud subscriptions list`` command to list available subscriptions

>   of the users organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in a user's organization.
```

> - Added ``croud subscriptions list`` command to list available subscriptions
>   of the users organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ``croud subscriptions list`` command to list available subscriptions
  in a user's organization.
```
